lg/stratification-2 (#619)
Eppo-exp/eppo-docs: docs/statistics/cuped.md

Eppo's CUPED++ provides the statistical benefits of stratified sampling in a powerful and performant way.

Stratified sampling is a common technique used in classical experiment designs (clinical trials, social science experiments, etc.). It helps guarantee that the treatment and control groups have a similar mix of important factors, like medical history or demographics. This can lead to tighter confidence intervals and more sensitive experiments.

> However, using stratification in online systems is less common in practice. It often introduces substantial engineering overhead and can lead to performance issues. Other methods, like seed finding, also have problems — especially when dealing with new users.

Author: ```suggestion
However, using stratified sampling in online systems is less common in practice. It often introduces substantial engineering overhead and can lead to performance issues. Other methods, like seed finding, also have problems — especially when dealing with new users.
```
